Cleanup content (#378)
layer5io/exoscale-academy: content/learning-paths/1e2a8e46-937c-47ea-ab43-5716e3bcab2e/Workshop-K8S-introduction/4.resources/_index.md

---
title: Resources
weight: 4

> no_list: true

Reviewer: The child pages are not listed on this parent page, both as a list or cards

<img width="1506" height="795" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a11fb2f7-cc75-4f75-9034-fbd82969e647" />

---

> In this section, you'll now explore the main Kubernetes resources. For each one, you'll have an overview of the resource and an exercise to better understand how it is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you'll now explore the main Kubernetes resources. Each resource includes concepts, a hands-on exercise, and, a solution to better understand how it is used.
```
